Add Chris's talk from Ember Europe (#2288)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2023-12-07-embroider-update.md

---
title: "Update on Embroider initiative progress"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2023-12-07-embereurope-2023-q4/embroider-update-talk.jpg"
url: https://youtu.be/gPMzrQzryZI
media: video
channel: embereurope-q4-2023
---

> Chris Manson gave an update on the Embroider Initiative's progress so far. He
> discussed Vite support, the challenges faced during the process, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chris Manson gave an update on the Embroider Initiative's progress so far. He
discussed Vite support, challenges the team is facing and what's coming in the future.
```
